One year later
My dear friend Mona, can I know your opinion on certain aspects of the Arabic language?
Naturally, Reem as I love this kind of dialogue
Good! When did the UAE appear?
Arabic has been a very popular language for many years.
Historians have pointed out that it is one of the most popular languages,
and it is the oldest collection of languages in the world.
Why is learning Arabic difficult?
It is not like that.
The diversity of Arabic language sciences,
including literature, communication, grammar, grammar,
beauty, expression, and multiple singularities,
make some people afraid of learning it,
while it is one of the strongest and easiest languages to learn.
But it only requires determination and persistence to learn and master it.
Do you know why Arabic is called the language of pressure?
Yes, of course.
This name is re-released on Arabic,
because it is the only language in the world that contains the letter D.
Do you always get high marks in Arabic?
And the teacher describes you as a lover of Arabic.
Why?
How can I not love it?
The Creator has honored it,
and made it the language of the Holy Quran,
and the language of the Master of Messengers,
which is the main language of Islam,
and the cradle of civilizations around the world.
How beautiful is the Arabic language!
Thank you, Yamuna.